Let's run our Springwood application.
So this will get started on board ADHD delay then led some to browser, and there you are, a localized
ADHD.
Let me do maximize.
See, this is the response being provided by spring guitarist, OK?
And you see a couple of links were here.
The very first is this one slams students.
So, you know what's happening, application, we have NTD class, right, student Dot Java.
So what spring guitarist arrest is doing, OK?
It is using this entity class and it is exposing you.
Does raise is typifies how using this and did it last name?
So what it is doing slash students or here you see, say, for example, you have another entity, Class
four Department Department or Java, then spring guitarist will expose it has less departments.
OK.
Same for another entity class.
But here we just have one entity class student dot dalla.
So using this API, we can perform the ground operations over the student table that we have in our
bicycle database.
See, you know what, Springwood application, we don't have any degrees mapping for students.
Even we don't know this controller, right?
But still, we can see this API.
Why?
Because putting that arrest is providing it OK.
It generates it automatically.
So let's copy this one, OK and go to postmen.
It did Typekit, OK.
This one less students.
Call it.
Check the response.
This is the colleagues and students.
This is for a student.
This is second one.
So basically, it is returning all the students that we have in the student table.
OK.
So this is you can compare it, whatever we created manually.
OK, let me go to here this one.
Get all students and we are calling them.
Find all.
OK, so spring that addressed internally uses this OK, and it is exposing automatically this goodbye
to get all the records for the particular table here.
In our example, it is student, but OK, using the slang students.
And look, this one.
You know what?
Decent response it is providing hyper media links.
That means our recipes are supporting had you as principal.
OK, who is doing it for us?
Spring guitarist is doing OK, so now we can say I did.
Our recipes are following hideous principles because it is providing this hyper media links.
See, this is the first student verified equal to one come down illegal equal to do so in the decent
response itself.
OK?
Your consumer can navigate to this one.
So, for example, let me copy this one, OK?
And put out here, call it, so now we are getting the particulars to it is OK that it's equal to one.
So here we are parsing the ideas, but variable.
Now you can compare this one.
What we did manually, OK, this one, get by it.
And we were passing the I.D. value as part variable and we were using the Find My ID.
OK, so now spring, the OK is using this matter and exposing this GDP.
This one getting the record by I.D..
On top of it, we have support of headwaiter as well, OK, we don't need to do anything for that.
Spinning guitarist will handle it now.
See this one.
It is providing support, opportunism and sorting has been paid.
No bid size and sorting.
But this we will cover in the upcoming lectures.
OK?
For now, what we will do is in the upcoming lectures, we will perform the current operations over
the student table using this IPAs as students.
OK?
These apps are being provided by spring guitarist.
OK, let me copy this one, so I close it.
Not the copy.
OK, so here we don't have a controller at all.
OK, so this application, we just know for reference to compare, because here we are doing all things
manually.
You get controller calling defined by ID and find all your spending guitarist is doing this, OK?
We don't need to worry about it.
Let's go to browser and this one profile one, so this one is containing the metadata information regarding
overspeeding, data re-establishes and whatever is the opposite of being exposed to by spinning guitarist
what our application does now.
You know, we have these students OK, if you have any other entity class that also metadata information,
you can take with this one.
So this is the advantage of using spring guitarist and will proceed further and the next lecture.
Thank you very much.